# Weekly 2021-10-18

## Last week's debrief

### Tech :computer:

- [@D4ryl00] Tried to use *Android Nearby for iOS* library in a demo app with Niki Izvorski
- [@D4ryl00] Finished to fix l2cap streams for iOS, continued on Android
- [@clegirar] Merged "Onboarding v3" ([https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3564](https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3564))
- [@clegirar] Berty webviews ([https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3591](https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3591))
- [@clegirar] Start to implement a notification handler for profile ([https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3590](https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3590))
- [@clegirar] Auth screen in settings ([https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3592](https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3592))
- [@glouvigny] Fixed replication tests, refactored so it now uses a sqlite database, added stats RPC methods ([https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3578](https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3578))
- [@z么ma] Prepare Axel's onboarding on front side
- [@z么ma] Testing Session with some UX Designers
- [@z么ma] UX Explorations about new onboarding debates (replication servers)
- [@z么ma] ReOrg priorities on upcoming front tasks
- [@z么ma] Write the [super.so](http://super.so) Roadmap page & test the web view in app
- [@aeddi] Flow done and tested: token request, token sync with account/contact groups, register to push server: [https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3511](https://github.com/berty/berty/pull/3511)
- [@gfanton] Debug push notification \w @aeddi
- [@gfanton]  Bump to ipfs 0.10.0 (was in rc-1)
- [@gfanton]  Debug replication \w @glouvigny

### Ops 

- [@pierreboc] Completed support page
- [@pierreboc] Wrote and published our newsletter (#67)
- [@pierreboc] Published a blogpost about Nodle's donation
- [@z么ma] Drive Post-production PL
- [@z么ma] Few discussions with artists interested in Privacy topics (#Art4Privacy)
- [@z么ma] Re-ping bryn from Braid Project, for Berty Builders Meeting 10.27.21
